README.md, before:

# backbone-webpy-openid #

OpenID user and login control using Backbone.js and webpy

Started: 2012-09-23
Author.: ccarey

## Install/Setup ##

Pre-req assumptions: apache2 and mysql-server installed - no further
apache2 mods

- Install the following packages:
    - python-mysqldb
    - python-webpy
    - python-openid
    - libapache2-mod-wsgi
- Set 'AllowOverride All' on the /var/www/ directory in 
  /etc/apache2/sites-available/default
- Enable mod rewrite: sudo a2enmod rewrite
- Link services folder: cd services; sudo ln -s `pwd` /var/www/backbone-webpy-openid-api; cd ..
- Link web folder: cd web; sudo ln -s `pwd` /var/www/backbone-webpy-openid; cd ..
- Restart apache: sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart

If you wish to run the internal webpy server to test changes for services, you
will need to enable a proxy or do something else to host the js on the same
domain/port. To enable proxy in apache with in conjunction with the instruct-
ions above, follow these steps:

- Enable proxy module and proxy\_http module: sudo a2enmod proxy\_http
- Add the following to the your apache config (/etc/apache2/sites-available/default)

        ProxyRequests Off
        <Proxy *>
                Order deny,allow
                allow from all
        </Proxy>
        <Location /backbone-webpy-openid-api/>
                ProxyPass http://localhost:8081/
                ProxyPassReverse http://localhost:8081/
                SetEnv force-proxy-request-1.0 1
                SetEnv proxy-nokeepalive 1
        </Location>

- Restart apache: sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart

Commit message:

update text describing the intended use and the whats next plan.

README.md, after:

# backbone-webpy-openid #

OpenID user and login control using Backbone.js and webpy

This app provides functions for user management and login using backbone.js,
webpy, and OpenID. It is intended to work as a quickstart for other
applications. In the future, it may be enhanced to also function as a plugin.

Started: 2012-09-23
Author.: ccarey

## Install/Setup ##

Pre-req assumptions: apache2 and mysql-server installed - no further
apache2 mods

- Install the following packages:
    - python-mysqldb
    - python-webpy
    - python-openid
    - libapache2-mod-wsgi
- Set 'AllowOverride All' on the /var/www/ directory in 
  /etc/apache2/sites-available/default
- Enable mod rewrite: sudo a2enmod rewrite
- Link services folder: cd services; sudo ln -s `pwd` /var/www/backbone-webpy-openid-api; cd ..
- Link web folder: cd web; sudo ln -s `pwd` /var/www/backbone-webpy-openid; cd ..
- Restart apache: sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart

If you wish to run the internal webpy server to test changes for services, you
will need to enable a proxy or do something else to host the js on the same
domain/port. To enable proxy in apache with in conjunction with the instruct-
ions above, follow these steps:

- Enable proxy module and proxy\_http module: sudo a2enmod proxy\_http
- Add the following to the your apache config (/etc/apache2/sites-available/default)

        ProxyRequests Off
        <Proxy *>
                Order deny,allow
                allow from all
        </Proxy>
        <Location /backbone-webpy-openid-api/>
                ProxyPass http://localhost:8081/
                ProxyPassReverse http://localhost:8081/
                SetEnv force-proxy-request-1.0 1
                SetEnv proxy-nokeepalive 1
        </Location>

- Restart apache: sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
